Readme.md, before:

# [Bravo studio for making apps](https://www.bravostudio.app/)
>>
>>

>* settings>format on save   than trun on it by checkbox

>* setting>Editor: Mouse Wheel Zoom >>enable/desable it  so that you can zoom in and zoom out using ctrl+mouse scroll
>* install CodeSnap for code screen shot 
>* install Meterial icon theme
>* go to setting than search  mouse wheel zoom and enable it
>* setting>minimap>enable/desable it  
>* settings>>search "preview" on search bar than uncheck 
>>Workbench>editor:Enable Preview    
>* if you open files using double click than previous file will not close  if you use single cllick than it will close the previous file if you you dont edit that file
  
# go to keyboard shortcut key
* set duplicate selection=ctrl+d
*  set add line comment =ctrl+shift+c
* move line up=alt+up arrow
* move line down=alt+down arrow



*  ctrl+g =enter the line number what you wanted to edit
* to open tap ctrl+1 2 3...
* alt +click multiple line for editing lines at once

* remove line comment=ctrl+q
* add toggle comment =ctrl+q

* press alt+ scrol the mouse to setup the editor size

extensions>>
* IntelliSense for CSS class names in HTML
* Thunder Client  //this is for api testing
* prettier 
* Path Intellisense
* bracket pair colorizer 
* live server
* git lens
* javascript es6 code snippets
* Tabnine Autocomplete AI: JavaScript, Python, TypeScript, PHP, C/C++, HTML/CSS, Go, Java, Ruby, C#, Rust, SQL, Bash, Kotlin, React

# easy Terminal setup>> use CTRL+ ` button open terminal than change select default profile into git


# Terminal setup>> settings/features/terminal/edit in setting.json

https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/integrated-terminal







<img src="Screenshot (28)_LI.jpg" alt="Girl in a jacket" width="1000" height="600">

```
 "terminal.integrated.shell.windows": "C:\\Program Files\\Git\\bin\\bash.exe",
```

<img src="Screenshot (30).png" alt="Girl in a jacket" width="1000" height="600">

Commit message:

upload jitun profile from vscode

Readme.md, after:

## Import the file "jitun vscode.code-profile" from here on your vscode

# [Bravo studio for making apps](https://www.bravostudio.app/)
>>
>>

>* settings>format on save   than trun on it by checkbox

>* setting>Editor: Mouse Wheel Zoom >>enable/desable it  so that you can zoom in and zoom out using ctrl+mouse scroll
>* install CodeSnap for code screen shot 
>* install Meterial icon theme
>* go to setting than search  mouse wheel zoom and enable it
>* setting>minimap>enable/desable it  
>* settings>>search "preview" on search bar than uncheck 
>>Workbench>editor:Enable Preview    
>* if you open files using double click than previous file will not close  if you use single cllick than it will close the previous file if you you dont edit that file
  
# go to keyboard shortcut key
* set duplicate selection=ctrl+d
*  set add line comment =ctrl+shift+c
* move line up=alt+up arrow
* move line down=alt+down arrow



*  ctrl+g =enter the line number what you wanted to edit
* to open tap ctrl+1 2 3...
* alt +click multiple line for editing lines at once

* remove line comment=ctrl+q
* add toggle comment =ctrl+q

* press alt+ scrol the mouse to setup the editor size

extensions>>
* IntelliSense for CSS class names in HTML
* Thunder Client  //this is for api testing
* prettier 
* Path Intellisense
* bracket pair colorizer 
* live server
* git lens
* javascript es6 code snippets
* Tabnine Autocomplete AI: JavaScript, Python, TypeScript, PHP, C/C++, HTML/CSS, Go, Java, Ruby, C#, Rust, SQL, Bash, Kotlin, React

# easy Terminal setup>> use CTRL+ ` button open terminal than change select default profile into git
